hi friends of fibulae today in the kitchen
let's make a nice maialata not in
that sense of this pork ribs
in the first ingredient barbecue sauce
red onion ribs with sugar of
cane that the same
perone beer great reserve of the highest
some spices sweet paprika pepper that
chilli and finally a juice of
completion juice let's start first
what the ribs goes like that
we must make it so that
the ribs are in the mouth ready
we prepare ourselves for our barbecue sauce
how we slice onions we cut it
so coarse afterwards
the crowded we take
a clove of garlic
usual
we crush it so destroyed it's good
so let's put it
after lighting our fire a
splash of oil
we will brown one onion and garlic
once the onion has browned and
the garlic we are going to insert the sugar
of cane
so it sticks on and doesn't go away anymore
and releases its aroma once
the sugar will be attached to the onion
garlic can insert our own
spices paprika sweet curry pepper e
chilli pepper and if we were hands it is me
going all the big
now we can add ketchup
your third party
and in closing we're going to put the
our beer peroni large double reserve
malt because it has notes
spicy interesting that you
they marry very well with this recipe
we expect the works to be a little bit like this
the alcohol goes away but the Rome remains
sauce is ready
we put grapefruit juice on it and
let's get out of the fire now let's move on to
our pig
let's put a drop of oil on ours
pa of the red-hot
we get our ribs for well
we massage a little like it
and so in must pig doing so over
to bring us forward with the cooking of
we confer the characteristic taste
of the roast then the oar lacquers and
we will define the ribs are ready now
we want our barbecue sauce
perfect
once blended we put it in the
our container that will serve as
marin ante container of ours
one of the ribs we massage the
our ribs are oral ready we finish
in the pan and then if you need to give
a few more strokes of sauce la
temperature in this case must be
moderate
otherwise they burn you recognize
just for this double reserve reserve
Marco
and as I said
we continue with the climb
the ribs are ready
and now let's see if the same passion that
put in the food you put it
of the ladies the manapul this year
diverted from the valley behind